---
layout: post
title: Barming Buds
---


## Barming Buds (for children in Year R and Year 1)

"Barming Buds" is the name we have for the development squad, for children in
school Year R and Year 1.

Here is some useful information about the Buds:

### Training

#### Time and place

Training is on Saturday mornings from 9.30-10.30 am. Please try to arrive by
9.15 am so we can get started at 9.30 am. Training takes place at [Barming
Playing Fields, Church Lane, off South Street, ME16
9HA](https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=1Mri7Y_ar4bY8tzco_JZHM-yOMkE&hl=en&ll=51.26174700000003%2C0.46907500000000546&z=17)

#### Start of the session

Register for the day with Kelly (look for the white table) who runs the admin
for the buds, then pop down your water bottles altogether and join in the fun!

#### Kit

Water bottle and shin pads are important. Wear anything comfortable until kit
has been allocated to you. Once you have fully signed-up we will lend you a
football kit for the season (and ask for it back if you leave or at the end of
the season).

When the weather begins to turn rainy and cold, training will continue so it may
be an idea to start thinking about layers. Waterproof jacket, hat, gloves,
‘skins’ top/bottom or tracksuit top/bottoms, shin pads and boots! Parents may
need a decent umbrella, jacket and perhaps a travel mug with coffee! (The club
sells excellent Barming Youth FC storm umbrellas...email
kitmanager@barmingyouth.co.uk if you are interested.)

#### Other

There is a toilet in the pavilion should you or your kids require it. You can
get the key from Kelly.



### How to sign-up and stay informed

#### Registration

Please complete [this form](http://www.barmingyouth.co.uk/apply.html) to apply
to be a member of the club.


#### WhatsApp

We have a WhatsApp group for the Buds so if you would like to join to keep up to
date. If you sign-up we will send you a link or add you to the group.

#### Photos and Facebook

If you sign-up, please join the [Barming Youth Football group on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/127680620576397) for club updates.
Occasionally we post photos so if you are not happy for consent of photos then
please let us know. The group is a closed group so only those with links to
Barming Youth FC will see the posts.

### Payment

Come for a try-out and if you like it we will ask you to register and pay
monthly subs.

The cost is £16 per month and payment is made by direct debit
from September (or whenever starting) to July to the club account. Details will
be provided to you during the training session.


If you have any questions please speak to the coaches or Kelly.

